docs: various (minor) changes and rewording (#3661)
docker/cli: docs/reference/commandline/exec.md

process (`PID 1`) is running, and it is not restarted if the container is
restarted.

COMMAND runs in the default directory of the container. If the underlying image
has a custom directory specified with the WORKDIR directive in its Dockerfile,
this directory is used instead.

> COMMAND should be an executable, a chained or a quoted command does not work.
> Example: `docker exec -ti my_container "echo a && echo b"` will
> not work, but `docker exec -ti my_container sh -c "echo a && echo b"` will.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
COMMAND must be an executable. A chained or a quoted command does not work.
Example: `docker exec -ti my_container sh -c "echo a && echo b"` works, but `docker exec -ti my_container "echo a && echo b"` does not.
```

First, start a container.

```console
$ docker run --name mycontainer -d -i -t alpine /bin/sh
```

> This creates and starts a container named `mycontainer` from an `alpine` image
> with an `sh` shell as its main process. The `-d` option is set to run the container
> in the background ("detached" mode) with a pseudo-TTY attached (`-t`). The `-i`
> option is set to keep STDIN attached (`-i`), which prevents the `sh` process from
> exiting immediately.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates and starts a container named `mycontainer` from an `alpine` image
with an `sh` shell as its main process. The `-d` (shorthand for the  `--detach`) option sets the container
to run in the background, in detached mode, with a pseudo-TTY attached (`-t`). The `-i`
option is set to keep `STDIN` attached (`-i`), which prevents the `sh` process from
exiting immediately.

```

Next, execute a command on the container.

```console
$ docker exec -d mycontainer touch /tmp/execWorks
```

This creates a new file `/tmp/execWorks` inside the running container
`mycontainer`, in the background.

Next, execute an interactive `sh` shell on the container.

```console
$ docker exec -it mycontainer sh
```

> This starts a new `sh` shell session in the container `mycontainer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starts a new shell session in the container `mycontainer`.
```

### <a name=env></a> Set environment variables for the exec process (--env, -e)

Next, set environment variables in the current bash session.

> By default `docker exec` command inherits the environment variables that are set
> when the container was created. Use the `--env` (or `-e` shorthand) to override
> environment variables, or to set additional environment variables for the process
> started by `docker exec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `docker exec` command, inherits the environment variables that are set
at the time the container is created. Use the `--env` (or the `-e` shorthand) to override
global environment variables, or to set additional environment variables for the process
started by `docker exec`.
```

The example below creates a new shell session in the container `mycontainer` with
environment variables `$VAR_A` and `$VAR_B` set to "1" and "2" respectively.

> These environment variables are only valid for the `sh` process started by the
> `docker exec` command, and not available to other processes running inside the
> container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These environment variables are only valid for the `sh` process started by that
`docker exec` command, and are not available to other processes running inside the
container.
```

```console
$ docker exec -e VAR_A=1 -e VAR_B=2 mycontainer env
PATH=/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin
HOSTNAME=f64a4851eb71
VAR_A=1
VAR_B=2
HOME=/root
```

### <a name=workdir></a> Set the working directory for the exec process (--workdir, -w)

By default `docker exec` command runs in the same working directory set when 
the container was created.

```console
$ docker exec -it mycontainer pwd
/
```

> You can specify an alternative working directory for the command to execute 
> using the `--workdir` (or `-w` shorthand) option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify an alternative working directory for the command to execute 
using the `--workdir` option (or the `-w` shorthand):
```
